with sound
hey everybody look it's laggy my co-star
from Tex Johnson my name is Kane it
supposed to balls
Adam King get $75 first signature green
is for the money
Gold is for the honey Gill is the Tony
Montana of supercars we dress up we
still the stache and we walk out like
nothing ever happened
you guys know this is a dumb idea right
oh yeah we do
I mean said what do you think you win
yeah I'm KZ they're robbing from us we
want to take it back for the fans this
kid just monologue let's rob super Khan
we have to get that money before it gets
backstage and in the Kings hands are you
wearing news well more of go-go boots
I guess I can't believe
like making out with David Lee Roth go
busto
[Music]
you